let me introduce my friend Robert Scott
in the box so Robert Sacre a minute good
long time is resilient you know tell me
about your life as a pool
well I start playing pool and I was
about 13 years old after my dad died at
Memphis and after I've been playing for
about a year or so I started playing
really good and I started gambling
around town there making making a few
dollars here and there that's
interesting you know I hear you left the
country well I had to leave the country
because when I was 15 years old I was in
this bowling alley gambling with a
couple of thugs were staking me in the
vise-like come in took us all to jail so
they throw me out of school and they
were going to try to make me a ward of
the state
because that's my course my problems
that they said my mother couldn't
control me so I had to get out of the
country and I moved down to Old Mexico
and you did that things 15 how would you
manage that well I'll make money along
the way and then when I got on there
started going out all the Mexican girls
and had a good time and wound up getting
married on the dator and she's actually
with professional dancer but a stripper
I look cuter stripper I was able to see
the stripper so whatever it was all good
okay there's money and tell me if you've
been any funny or dangerous situations
on the road well you know one day this
is what you could use with me we were in
Chicago and the hit Mexican Mafia
gathered then we Chico and Cicero here
and Cicero that summer and he called me
up one night he says I got a guy here to
play so I thought was going to a pool
room so we you and I have you remember
we pulled up to this house and they had
a big
corrugated iron door on the house with
the giant padlock so we go in there the
guy behind
behind us he locks the door the padlock
and I said correct make sure here we go
you got the key because we can't get out
of here so when we go in there the pool
tables in the living room and everybody
starts pulling out their guns with all a
lot of Mexican people and a lot of
blacks we were the only white guys in
there and they're much comparing their
pistols I'm like this is not good
but we got the money got out and had a
good time yeah it's funny oh I got a
funny story but you got about the book
to read it I'll tell you a little tidbit
I'm in Kentucky up the mountains and
they had a game for me to play a guy
named McGee and he was from Magoo Tech
Magoo Kentucky and I said I'm playing
McGee Magoo they said yes I said
whatever I couldn't believe it so you
got a Bible to get about about my book
to get that story so they got these
funny nicknames in these pool players
yeah well my nickname I had a girl
nicknamed me cotton years ago about 15
years old and because I had a long long
curly blonde hair and then you got
Minnesota Fats who's a household name
and cornbread bread was a friend of mine
and Detroit whitey there's been a bunch
of them along the way that's good yeah
you were also a technical Iser on a
couple of movies at a TV show well the
movie um I did two movies one was called
Hot Shots part two and the oven was
based on my life story because I was
around the full room telling Mars and
crisp or so about these full stories and
it was called cool wall junkies and it
starred Christopher Walken Chad
momentary and rod steiger's last movie
and that's kind of what inspired me to
write this book because I just tell
people all these full stories and
everybody said me to do a book and I
wrote the book and everybody's liked it
and this is the Badger book this is a
book right here yeah it's a good cover
I like that cover well the pleasure
talking